Miami Heat courtside is sponsored by
opera tower I'm Ezra Gutierrez and this
is Miami Heat courtside it's official
the heats new starting point guard is
Mario Chalmers the third-year player who
has shown flashes of great potential
along with frustrating moments of
immaturity but with Heat coach Erik
Spoelstra looking to find more minutes
for Mike Miller and Chalmers offering a
more dynamic presence and former starter
Carlos Arroyo this was a somewhat easy
move to make and hopefully for the heat
sake a productive one Thomas's numbers
have been far from overwhelming he's
averaging six point three points the
same as Arroyo on thirty-nine percent
shooting significantly worse than Arroyo
while dishing the same 2.2 assists per
game that Arroyo has the difference with
Chalmers though is that he's a more
dynamic player defensively his long arms
and good anticipation getting him better
than one steal a game offensively
Chalmers can stretch the floor better
than Arroyo I can get to the rim more
often the issue with Chalmers though is
when he attempts to do too much he still
Gamble's on the defensive end more than
he should which Spoelstra has been
working hard with him to limit and
offensively he too often puts himself in
difficult situations like leaving the
floor without an immediate idea of where
he's passing the ball still the coaching
staff believes those are mistakes
Chalmers can successfully reduce perhaps
more significantly Chalmers's move to
the starting rotation should open up
more minutes for Miller rather than play
Arroyo regular minutes behind Chalmers
Spoelstra could start playing a bigger
backcourt that includes some combination
of Millar Dwyane Wade and LeBron James
it's a type of line of the team
envisioned using regularly before the
season began and now that the versatile
Miller is back in the fold there isn't a
need to play a true point guard on the
floor at all times Chalmers probably
still will frustrate fans on occasion
but it'll also hit critical shots and he
doesn't shy away from the big moments
the former Kansas Jayhawk has also been
shooting his three-point shot a lot more
consistently of late if he keeps that up
there'll be no question down the road
that this was the right move to make for
the Miami Herald I'm is real cutie
arrows soaring 60 stories above Miami
skyline is one
the world's most unique hotels opera
tower suites and marina opera tower
offers three distinct ways to experience
unparalleled luxury in addition a vast
array of resort caliber amenities
including an oversized heated pool with
whirlpool spa fully equipped fitness
center with aerobics room million-dollar
views and a location that is unsurpassed
for work or play Miami's ultimate hotel
and corporate rental suites and marina